README.md, before:

# Error Handling in a Microservice Architecture

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Tobias-Pe/microservices_energyefficiency)](https://github.com/Tobias-Pe/microservices-error-handling/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Gitmoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg)](https://gitmoji.dev)

TBD

_This project is part of a Masterthesis in Computer Science🎓_

## Overview Architecture 🏗️

![Architecture](assets/Overview.drawio.png)

## API Reference 👀

TBD

## Tech Stack 📚

TBD

## Energy efficiency practices 🔌⚡

TBD

## Analysis of the Demo-Application 🧪

TBD

## Run Locally 🏃

Requirements: 
 - https://kompose.io/installation/
 - Docker and or Kubernetes
 - https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/prometheus for Kubernetes Metrics

TBD

## Deployment 🚀

TBD

## Known Issues 🦺

TBD

## Author ✍️

[@Tobias Peslalz](https://github.com/Tobias-Pe)

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobias-peslalz)

Commit message:

:sparkles: use our own grafana

README.md, after:

# Error Handling in a Microservice Architecture

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Tobias-Pe/microservices_energyefficiency)](https://github.com/Tobias-Pe/microservices-error-handling/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Gitmoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg)](https://gitmoji.dev)

TBD

_This project is part of a Masterthesis in Computer Science🎓_

## Overview Architecture 🏗️

![Architecture](assets/Overview.drawio.png)

## API Reference 👀

TBD

## Tech Stack 📚

TBD

## Energy efficiency practices 🔌⚡

TBD

## Analysis of the Demo-Application 🧪

TBD

## Run Locally 🏃

Requirements: 
 - https://kompose.io/installation/
 - MicroK8s
 - https://github.com/prometheus-operator/kube-prometheus for Kubernetes Metrics
 - https://github.com/sustainable-computing-io/kepler eBPF energy metrics exporter for Pods & Nodes

TBD

## Deployment 🚀

TBD

## Known Issues 🦺

- If the prometheus service from prometheus-operator/kube-prometheus can't be scraped by the grafana instance --> Adjust the networkpolicies

TBD

## Author ✍️

[@Tobias Peslalz](https://github.com/Tobias-Pe)

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tobias-peslalz)
